stop chunky let it go Ross I got an
extra one you want this no hey how's my
favorite parenting team doing dr.
franzblau hi so I understand you're
thinking of having a baby I see you nine
months pregnant that's a good story how
you doing with your contractions oh I
love them each one's like a little party
in my uterus there every four minutes
and last 55 seconds 59 seconds quarts ha
Swiss quartz ha ha
am I allowed to drink anything nice
chips just ice chips there at the
nurse's station oh I'll go 3 3 3 3 15
more seconds 14 13 12 well it's gonna be
okay just remember we're doing it for
Jordi just keep focusing on Jordi well
the hell is Drew at it oh I don't have a
son named Jordi we all agree my son's
name is Jamie well Jamie was the name of
Susan's first girlfriend so we went back
to George what I mean back to Jordi we
never landed on Jordi we do you need it
we just passed by it during the whole
Jesse Cody Dillon fiasco I'm doing hey
you have to sleep with her I get the
cramps
all right that is it I want both him out
whoops sorry I don't care I'm trying to
get a person out of my body and you're
not making any easier
no thanks a lot see what you did without
please this is so your fault oh how is
this my fault
look Cal never threw me out of a room
before you came along yeah well there's
a lot of things Carol never did before I
came along
no wonder you're so threatened by me ah
yeah get in here come on my god you guys
I don't believe you
there are children coming into the world
in this very building and you're
negative
fighting noises are not the first thing
they should be hearing so just stop all
the yelling just stop it
yeah Susan don't make me do this again I
don't like my voice like this okay who
wants to hear something ironic
okay everyone stand back
damn it damn it damn it damn it this is
all your fault this is supposed to be
like the greatest day of my life you
know my son is being born and I should
be in there you don't sit I'm stuck in
the closet with you the woman I love is
having a baby today I've been waiting
for this just as much as you don't
believe me no one has been winning for
this as much as I have okay and you know
what the funny thing is when this day is
over you get to go home with the baby
okay what does that leave me
you get to be the baby's father everyone
knows who you are who am i DIF this
Father's Day this Mother's Day
there's no lesbian lover day every day
is lesbian lover day
so great you want to explain that
I mean well because when I was growing
up you know my dad left and my mother
died and my stepfather went to jail so I
barely had enough pieces of parents to
make one whole one here's this little
baby who has like three whole parents
who care about it so much that they're
fighting over who gets to love it the
most and it's not even born yet it's
just it's just the luckiest baby in the
whole world I'm sorry you were fighting